
[Clearly state how you know the candidate, specifying the nature and duration of your professional or academic association.]

George and I worked extensively on the resident Internet of Things (IoT) mobile app project for SmartRent. The aim of the project is to make home automation accessible to everyday residents. These technologies included time-dependent guest access for locks, communication with maintenance, and record reviewing. All of these aspects are sensitive areas for residents and George is constantly vigilant for the need to keep this information secure and features functioning correctly. He added a perspective nobody else had on our team: he spoke to residents regularly. Before promotion into Quality Assurance, George spoke to our end users daily as a member of the support team. He understands the consequences of getting our part of the job wrong better than anybody else. He always advocated for us to do better as a responsibility to our residents.

Although his position never required it, George's eagerness to improve and learn was always evident. I watched as he picked up JavaScript and then TypeScript. Applying both to API Testing. He even found issues within our code base due to his computer programming knowledge. As an example, our database was sending false verifications. He located the problem down to a string evaluated for its truthiness rather than the literal value it stood for: `"false"`. Our endpoint gave out verification signals it should not have as a result. This was not a "QA Catch" -- that is a developer catch. He found it by taking the time to understand the foundations of software development. 

